# recombination_simulation

Document introduction

There are four files in this folder, three are R script files and one is background data file of recombination rate information. Three R language scripts are “F1-DH-125k.R”, “MAGIC-8parent-125k.R” and “MAGIC-8parent-125k-DH.R”. A recombination rate background file is “map_data.txt”. The “F1-DH-125k.R” script file is to run to generate the result of simulating the genotype of 200 materials for F1-DH population. The script file of “MAGIC-8parent-125k.R” is to run to generate the result of genotyping 200 lines from 8 parents. The script file of “MAGIC-8parent-125k-DH.R” is to run to generate the result of genotype simulation of eight parental DH induced MAGIC population.

Execute code

In the process of data analysis, users could execute R language script directly under windows or Linux system. In windows and Linux systems, people can copy scripts such as “F1-DH-125k.R” and map_data.txt to XX / XX folder. In “F1-DH-125k.R” script, open it with text software, add setwd ("XX \ \ XX") in the “F1-DH-125k.R” file, then paste the script directly into the opened R software, and the simulated genotype result will be produced for " F1-DH-125k-genotype. txt" file. Users can perform subsequent analysis based on this file of " F1-DH-125k-genotype. txt".

The procedure is as follows：

1. Based on the physical length of 10 chromosomes in maize, 125 kb window was divided.

2. The recombination events on each chromosome were defined based on the existing F1-DH population.

3. Based on the existing genetic map of IBM population, the recombination rate was divided in 125 kb window size.

4. A gamete of two parents was randomly selected as the front-end to select the possibility of recombination events (generated by procedure 2) and the recombination rate (generated by procedure 3) on the chromosome to finally generate new gametes.

5. Random transfer and recombination interference of gametophyte are defined in the script.

6. Generation of new progeny genotypes file of 200 lines.

7. Evaluate the recombination event of the simulated genotype file.

8. Evaluate the size of the recombinant fragment of the simulated genotype file.


